#labels Phase-Design,Featured
=Introduction=
*<font color="#336699">HORRO</font><font color="#ff9900">Rss</font>* is a set of Java classes to parse RSS files. It works with simple objects (POJOs) which represents the main items of RSS files like "channel", "image", and "item". 
<br><br>

==GNU Classpath compatible==
The first aim of *<font color="#336699">HORRO</font><font color="#ff9900">Rss</font>* was to be a parser as free as possible: free software and free of the propietary Java Sun's platform. In 2004 the only way to make a real free development with this language was with the [http://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/ GNU Classpath] project. Nowadays, after Sun opened Java with [http://openjdk.java.net/ OpenJDK], this _feature_ may only have sense if you want to compile to native code.
<br><br>

==Easy to use==
The second aim was to be easy to use. *<font color="#336699">HORRO</font><font color="#ff9900">Rss</font>* transforms the [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rss RSS] files into Java objects to make easier the manipulation. This feature could han been made easily with the excellent project [http://xstream.codehaus.org/ XStream] but then we would introduce a lot of dependencies, turning heavier the project. *<font color="#336699">HORRO</font><font color="#ff9900">Rss</font>* only have one dependency, the [http://sparta-xml.sourceforge.net/ Sparta-XML] parser wich is also compatible with [http://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/ GNU Classpath].

So, if you are looking for an RSS parser with these features, *<font color="#336699">HORRO</font><font color="#ff9900">Rss</font>* is your project!